to_do.md, before:

# Website
## Goals
- learn html
- learn css

## TODO
### general
- add solid background to table tabs 
- image gallery for bread (https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_image_gallery.asp)
- write about me page 
- move diagonal further down (account for name and table tab shift)
- change diagonal with linear gradient (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44473615/how-to-create-a-diagonal-background-effect-using-css)

### issues
- name and table tabs shift to the right on fun stuff page 

### home page
- name
- intro
- tabs
- footer with contact info 


### headers 
- tabs along upper right
    - current page underlined
    - hover are highlighted 
- name at upper left 
    - link to home 
- footer at bottom


### about
- tabs
- write intro 
    - coding
    - running
    - baking 
        - add image gallery (https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_image_gallery.asp)


### projects
- file system
- lisp interpreter
- recime
- nba data 
- webcrawler


### fun stuff
- baking
    - links
    - recipes
    - pics
- photos
    - china


### resume
- resume


### contact
- blurb 
- email
- google form for anonymous feedback 
- leave a comment ??????

Commit message:

finished fun stuff page, some format fixes

to_do.md, after:

# Website
## Goals
- learn html
- learn css

## TODO
### general
- add solid background to table tabs 
- write about me page 
- move diagonal further down (account for name and table tab shift)
    - maybe change diagonal with linear gradient (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44473615/how-to-create-a-diagonal-background-effect-using-css)
- change resume height (figure out best way to do it)
- add links to bread terminology

### issues


### home page
- name
- intro
- tabs
- footer with contact info 


### headers 
- tabs along upper right
    - current page underlined
    - hover are highlighted 
- name at upper left 
    - link to home 
- footer at bottom


### about
- tabs
- write intro 
    - coding
    - running
    - baking 
        - add image gallery (https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_image_gallery.asp)


### projects
- file system
- lisp interpreter
- recime
- nba data 
- webcrawler


### fun stuff
- baking
    - links
    - recipes
    - pics
- photos
    - china


### resume
- resume


### contact
- blurb 
- email
- google form for anonymous feedback 
- leave a comment ??????
